And here I do not say this calm down baby
this is just my desk
need to get out of here is necessary to
anyone highlighted the amount a and on
think of your cookies in the fall, let me
I will go sitting on a horse quickly and about zhora
listen to me this cookie all my life
remember you want such a 3 cube okay
enough let's think what to do 444
way yes at least five
I will restrain the devil my mother did not know me
you remember to bargain somehow I went to
the market for tangerines began so
I go so I ask why
but this one answers me 50 but I'm home and
to bargain shorter threw up to 40 and in what
the point is that I only found out at home that
it was the price per kilogram they per piece
this one and what i'm saying what to do
let us then I will consecrate
Well, highlight what and what kills them further
we will and if there are three of them there but she
4 and if two and that this changes not but
just someone without frags left
a shame as I think will - and will not be offended
if there is more to be obtained Mutu
by die so let's send a shine
who do not mind and from whom least
Do you use that is why I have the right
the view of the linen of her house well then let's
sit and wait well let's, but for now
we sit tell you one more
story I'll buy you a bonus for a month
if you shut up and camouflage ok
yah nafig this premium kam
in short
Dima is just not lying in wait
and here I say calm baby it
just my trunk dork you this
the story told five minutes ago
yes and I forgot the interesting fight already
ended do not know that's the way another
no story no need please
shut up at home you tried and him nothing
without doing let's quietly say yes you
already killed your stupid vulgar story
oh you look who woke up that not
I didn’t wait for a bunch of cookies
guys let us and together yes how about this
complaints to be friends there arno and life only
lube
and who yesterday here at ronaldo bivol so
gold shells unit hands but I'm then on
reload was but did you shut up yesterday
both of you just listen to this
Manda vyporit